README.md, before:

# Mac Calculator Clone

Replicate the builtin Mac calculator as a web app.

This this the base repo for the [Mac Calculator Clone](https://github.com/GuildCrafts/web-development-js/issues/150) goal.

![calculator-with-history](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8385/22572149/9be3c83e-e957-11e6-9431-9b9742b6b4af.png)

## Installation and Setup

_Fill this out_

## Usage and Examples

_...and this_


## Specs

### Stage 1
- [] All text is in the Roboto web font
- [] Your HTML and CSS follows this style guide
- [] The calculator is positioned in the center of the page, both vertically and horizontally
- [] The calculator is a fixed size. It does not change in size when the page resizes.
- [] If the window is too small for the calculator, the page scrolls, both vertically and horizontally
- [] Each button has a CSS transition to slightly darken the background color on hover over 100ms
- [] Each button has a CSS transition to slightly darken the background color on click over 100ms
- [] All class names re: the calculator are name-spaced under .calculator-…
- [] Your stylesheet contains little to no duplicate style declarations

Commit message:

adds stage two specs and marks finished ones from stage one

README.md, after:

# Mac Calculator Clone

Replicate the builtin Mac calculator as a web app.

This this the base repo for the [Mac Calculator Clone](https://github.com/GuildCrafts/web-development-js/issues/150) goal.

![calculator-with-history](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8385/22572149/9be3c83e-e957-11e6-9431-9b9742b6b4af.png)

## Installation and Setup

_Fill this out_

## Usage and Examples

_...and this_


## Specs

### Stage 1
- [X] All text is in the Roboto web font
- [X] Your HTML and CSS follows this style guide
- [] The calculator is positioned in the center of the page, both vertically and horizontally
- [X] The calculator is a fixed size. It does not change in size when the page resizes.
- [X] If the window is too small for the calculator, the page scrolls, both vertically and horizontally
- [] Each button has a CSS transition to slightly darken the background color on hover over 100ms
- [] Each button has a CSS transition to slightly darken the background color on click over 100ms
- [X] All class names re: the calculator are name-spaced under .calculator-…
- [X] Your stylesheet contains little to no duplicate style declarations

### Stage 2
- [ ] Your `JavaScript` is written in `ES5`
- [ ] Your `JavaScript` follows this [style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html)
- [ ] Your JavaScript defines 1 or less global variables
- [ ] The Calculator display is not an `<input>`
- [ ] Typing a relevant key at any point is reflected on the calculator
- [ ] Typing a relevant key causes the corresponding button on the calculator to appear to have been pressed. AKA flashes active
- [ ] The state of the calculator is not be stored in the `DOM`
- [ ] The mathematical operations for your calculator are each their own function, and are defined outside of any DOM event handler
- [ ] When the length of the number displayed exceeds the width available, the font-size deterministically drops
